(stone grinding)
(logo whooshes)
(low tone pulsating)
(electricity humming
and whooshing)
(logo whooshes)
(soft dramatic orchestral music)
(Reporter) So what
drew you to the NYPD?
(Interviewee) I didn't want.
I didn't wanna get killed.
I mean. there was two ways
of getting outta
the neighborhood.
be. be a bad guy or
get into the force.
go into the police force...
(Delgado Voiceover)
There's a fine line
between good and bad.
(interviewee chuckling)
Most people know exactly
where that line is.
(Interviewee) He knew
a lot of monsters...
(Delgado Voiceover) They
might step on it a few times.
but most people.
they don't cross it.
(slicing knife tapping)
(Delgado Voiceover) But
when they do cross that line-
(Interviewee) All
along the neighborhood...
(Delgado Voiceover)
Some still have a chance.
a chance to get back on
the right side of it.
(Interviewee) I respect 'em.
but it's not where
I wanted to be.
(Delgado Voiceover) But
when a cop crosses that line.
there ain't no coming back.
(Reporter) Around
shooting guns.
that's the picture we have of
what it's like to be in the mob.
So. is it really like that?
Meet Leo. Leo's old
job in the NYPD was
to investigate the mafia.
This meant that Leo
dealt with real monsters.
not the ones we
see in the movies.
And unlike the
movies. that meant Leo
was frequently put
in real danger.
You know. Hollywood paints
this picture of mobsters
and those kinds of people like
they're really bad people...
(rising ominous music
drowns out speaker on TV)
(punch smacking)
- Come on.
come on. Delgado. gimme
a right. gimme a right.
Now give it to me
like you mean it.
Come on. come on. boom. boom.
Come on. Delgado. I
know you got more.
Come on. baby.
let's go. let's go.
Gimme a right. gimme
a right. let's go.
Let's go. give it all you got.
(punch smacks)
(phone ringing)
All right. you wait one sec.
(phone ringing continues)
(rock music muffling)
Hello?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. okay. hold on.
Delgado. you got a call.
(ominous music)
Coming.
(soft dramatic music)
(distant birds chirping)
(Delgado Voiceover) Bridget
Hughes was a good woman
who married into
a bad situation.
(knife chopping)
Her brother-in-law
was in the mob.
and that poison trickled
down to her sons.
Josh was the worst of the two.
He disappeared without a trace.
- Hey.
- Bridget never got closure.
Her other son. Phil. later.
became one of my informants.
And as a result. I got
a bit closer to Bridget.
But six years after
Josh disappeared.
Phil was found dead in front
of a strip club. mob related.
So...
(soft dramatic music)
What's going on. Bridget?
You're not in trouble. are you?
I know what you're doing
with the visits and the calls.
and I appreciate
it. I do. but...
We're not friends. Tim.
I don't need a friend
right now. I need a cop.
All right. Bridget.
we're not friends.
What's going on?
My boys were no angels.
They were born too
close to that world.
that world that
took 'em from me.
Phil wasn't your fault.
Yes. he was.
He was my CI and he
was my responsibility
and I kept him on the street
a little too long. I...
I knew I should have
pulled him and I didn't.
And for that. I. I can't sleep.
He knew what he was doing.
You play with the devil.
you will always lose.
You have to let it go.
Yeah.
Why do I have a feeling
this is not about Phil?
I saw a ghost. Tim.
I was in the kitchen
with the. the TV on.
and right there on
the screen was a face
that I haven't seen in years.
A face that I've
never forgotten.
A face that I will never forget.
They came looking
for Josh that day.
and Phil told them he
wasn't here. and they left.
And they were only
outside for a few minutes.
but those few minutes
are all I have left.
Bridget. I'm
sorry. I really am.
But Josh's case is cold.
It's not only cold. it's frozen.
I think on this one. you
need to take your own advice.
you need to let it go.
People don't just
disappear. Tim.
They do. I've been
a cop for a long time.
They disappear all the time.
I'm sorry.
We buried Phil.
His soul could rest now.
But Josh is still out there...
Somewhere.
(soft dramatic music rising)
I will never forget that day
they came looking for him.
And I will never
forget their faces.
(soft dramatic music rising)
Leo Benetti and Sammy Canzano.
I knew these guys.
They'd been on my
radar for years.
(box thuds)
(ominous music)
What is all this?
It's what you asked for.
Should have asked
for a bigger office.
In order to learn
anything about these two.
we had to do a ton of digging.
And we realized it all started
with Benetti's court case.
(ominous music rising)
Morning.
Your Honor. as the prosecutor...
(Delgado Voiceover) Leo
Benetti came from mob blood.
His father and some of his
uncles were all connected.
He wanted to cover his own
way out of the neighborhood.
He joined NYPD at the time
when NYPD was
desperate for manpower.
And in order to get more
badges on the streets.
they were willing to
look the other way.
(soft dramatic music rising)
Your Honor. the prosecution...
(Delgado Voiceover) Sammy
Canzano was a Vietnam vet.
His past wasn't as colorful.
but his record was
far from clean.
But make no mistakes.
if Benetti was a rattlesnake.
Canzano was a cobra.
They found the police case file
with Benetti's
fingerprints all over it.
They said that Benetti
handled the file
while working on a related case.
Will the defendant
please rise?
In the case of New York
versus Leo Benetti.
I have no choice but
to find the defendant
(gavel strikes)
not guilty.
(courtroom groaning)
- Yeah. (chuckling)
Case dismissed.
(gavel strikes)
(people chatter indistinctly)
(soft intense music rising)
(Delgado Voiceover) Not
only did he get off scot-free.
the son of a bitch
got a promotion.
Oral?
Yeah. well. I guess
it would be fucking...
(mumbling) Motherfuckers.
some of the effective girls
here are in jail. but. oh shit.
What do we got here?
(distant traffic rustling)
(shoes clacking)
Holy shit. you seeing this?
Look at the fucking tits on her.
What time you gotta get back?
I got time.
Did you eat today?
I'm not hungry.
Ya look like a
fucking Ethiopian.
(Benetti chuckling)
I learned in Nam not to go
into battle on a full stomach.
Yeah. well. I do everything
on a fucking full stomach.
Except keep a low profile.
Hey. it's low enough.
Okay. I may look like I
don't keep things cool.
But I was cool as a
cucumber. my friend.
You see what happened
with the case. hm?
And put in the same situation.
any other schlump would a cracked
and went straight for the
deal. but not this guy.
You know what I did?
Doubled down.
- Doubled down.
Doubled down. they got
you red-handed. they say.
you know what they got?
They got fuckin' nothin'.
I had the entire police
force on my side.
And at the end of the
day. what did I get. huh?
What'd I get. jail time?
Nope. I got an apology and I
got a promotion. (chuckling)
Now this is me.
Anybody got a problem with that.
I'll show 'em the door.
They wanna fucking dance.
I'll show 'em something else.
you know what I'm saying?
What. your dance moves?
Yeah. my fucking dance moves.
I'll dance and jiggle all
over their fucking balls.
(Benetti chuckling)
It's just. we got a
good thing going on here.
Got a fucking great thing.
Great thing. so I'm asking
again with sugar on top.
I'm heading up the mop unit now.
I don't need any extra heat.
So if we could just take
it down a notch. okay?
Okay. only for you.
'Cause I love you. babe. okay?
Alright.
Get the fuck outta here.
(distant traffic rustling)
Thanks. Tommy.
- Thanks.
- Yeah. have a good one.
- Yep.
(light jazz music)
- Is it good?
Tastes like it
needs some more salt.
Okay. but not too much. you
know what the doctor said.
- Where is it?
- It's over there.
(door clattering)
- Doctor'll wait.
What do you mean
the doctor will wait?
- Hi. Papa.
- Hey. honey.
- Mwah.
- Hey. hey. hey!
Gimme a kiss.
- Mwah.
Uh. Mom. you know
where my hairbrush is?
Well. I don't know. when's
the last time you used it?
Um. I. I don't remember
or I wouldn't be asking you.
Can you please help me?
Alessia. I'm a little
bit busy right now.
Don't you see that?
Well. I'm going to the movies
later. I can't look like this.
Oh my god.
- (scoffs) Mom!
- What?!
That's your daughter.
(door clatters)
- Your daughter.
Your daughter. I'm
going to the basement.
(Benetti heavily breathing)
(bag zipping)
(paper crinkling)
(bag thuds)
I told her already.
you know what she's like.
you're losing your
breath with her.
It's in one ear and
out the other with her.
Forget about it.
I'm telling you. she's dumb.
(chuckling) Yeah.
I mean. she never change.
Who ya talking about?
You know.
I know. yeah. (chuckles) I know.
I gotta go. I call
you in a bit. right?
Kiss you. bye-bye.
Who's that?
(phone clatters)
Do you know what time it is?
Uh. yeah. I'm
sorry. sorry I'm late.
I met up with Leo after work.
and you know Leo. once
you get him started.
Hm. what did you meet Leo for?
Nothing. just work stuff.
I don't know.
we used to go out.
Okay. so we'll go out.
Hm. just like that?
Just like that. you
wanna go out or not?
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
You know what?
I'll heat you up some leftover.
Oh. great. now
you're mad at me.
(trunk lid clatters)
(Delgado Voiceover) Benetti
and Canzano were as dirty
as they come. and they
were about to get dirtier.
(trunk lid clattering)
Ben Sherman was one of
the mob's. top earners.
He had his fingers in everything
from knockoff clothing
to hardcore drugs.
If he needed it.
Sherman would get it.
He worked for this lunatic
Johnny "The Wrench" Galiano.
Galiano was an underboss in
one of the top mob families.
So what do you think?
(soft ominous music)
(hand slams)
It's bad. huh?
It's not fucking good.
Look. it's fucking terrible.
So what do I do?
What do you do?
Be a fucking man.
Grab your wife.
hug her. kiss her.
say. "Honey. I love you".
"but maybe cooking
aint your thing."
Man. I'd sooner whack her
than break her heart like that.
Are you kidding me?
You know what?
What she did to this
fucking steak. look at it.
It's a fucking travesty.
Fuck. Fuck.
Fuck!
Buy fucking pork chops.
She can't fuck up pork chops.
You'd be surprised.
There she is.
Oh wow. you
enjoyed dinner. Ben.
You wolfed that thing down.
Oh. yeah.
He can't stop
talking about it.
Well...
Well. I hope you left
some room for dessert.
because I made my
famous tiramisu.
Oh. wow. I can't
wait for that.
You're gonna love it.
Yeah. I'm sure.
It's the best.
It's even better
than the steak.
Huh.
So you guys. I will go
and put some coffee on.
Oh. okay. thanks.
Thank you.
(wife's slippers shuffling)
(soft ominous music)
So what are we gonna
do about Grossman?
(Delgado Voiceover) Ira
Grossman was a diamond dealer
who unwillingly smuggled
illegal bonds into the country
for one of Galiano's operations.
Even though he didn't know
he was breaking the law.
the damage was done and
he was on the FBI's radar.
You think he's talking?
Of course he's
fucking talking.
He already fucking talked.
If the FBI's even whispering
to that motherfucker.
we got a problem. he's gotta go.
It's gotta be clean
and it's gotta be soon.
I have an idea how
we could do this.
Great. I got about 10 fucking
ideas on what we could do.
Johnny. your fucking
problem's you don't know
how to do anything
fucking clean.
I met this guy when I was
doing time up in Allenwood.
What guy?
(Delgado Voiceover)
Sherman was doing a stint
in Allenwood. where
he met the man
that would eventually bring
all these scumbags together.
Benetti's cousin.
Freddy Silano. Jr.
Is this a good time?
What do you want now. Freddy?
I got a guy here.
wants a couple ki's.
Is this the. uh. old
guy or the new guy?
He's the old new guy.
but. uh. he's stand up.
We go way back. I trust him.
I'll make the call.
I really appreciate
you be doing me a solid.
But let me tell you something.
This time's gonna cost you more.
I ain't doing this for nothing.
Whatever you need.
I don't really need
anything from you. Freddy.
Actually. I think I do
got something you need.
Got a little cousin. right?
He's a cop. he's NYPD.
He'll do whatever it is
I fucking need him to do.
He don't come cheap.
He's a greedy little bastard.
but he'll do whatever.
You know. I don't like cops.
Especially dirty ones.
I don't like cops neither.
But this my little fucking
cousin. come on. man.
Freddy. please go away.
(soft ominous music)
It's good.
Yeah.
(soft dramatic music)
(engine rustling)
(soft dramatic music continues)
What do you have for us?
A friend of mine
needs a favor.
Hold on a second. let
me get this straight.
You made a friend?
He's a real solid guy.
met him on the inside.
He runs all the gambling
and all the drugs on
the Lower East Side.
If somebody's buying. this
motherfucker's selling.
I like him already.
Who's he run with?
The Tosaros.
We don't do no favors.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. we ain't
doing no favors.
He's paying us a
nice chunk of change.
If yous just don't fuck it up.
I promise you're gonna make a
lot of money for a long time.
What's he want us to do?
(siren softly howling)
(soft dramatic music)
(Delgado Voiceover)
Benetti and Canzano needed
to make it look like a
routine traffic stop.
But this was
anything but routine.
(siren softly howling continues)
(soft dramatic music continues)
(car door slams)
What's the problem. Officer?
License and registration.
That.
And that's registration.
Ira Grossman?
Uh. that's right.
(soft dramatic music)
This your car?
Uh. yes. it is.
There was a hit
and run tonight.
You know what that is?
Yes. of course.
A witness said
they saw this car.
your car. leaving the scene.
That's impossible.
that. this car.
it was parked all day.
- Sir.
we just want to take
you down to the station.
ask you a few questions.
I didn't do it.
That's the only answer
you need to know.
Hey. you wanna be
a fucking smart guy?
Listen. sir. we could do
this the easy way. my way.
or we could do the alternative.
Do you know what the
alternative is. sir?
The hard way?
Uh. that's right.
(Grossman scoffs)
So what's it gonna be?
(soft dramatic music)
That's what I thought.
(Grossman sighs)
- Atta Boy.
(soft dramatic music continues)
(cuffs clicking)
- I'm sorry.
is that really necessary?
Yes. sir. it is.
It's for our safety
and for yours.
(police radio muffling)
(soft dramatic music)
What precinct are you from?
Where are you taking me?
- Get inside.
Ow. ow. come on now! (grunts)
What is this?
Just gonna ask ya a
couple of questions.
I'll answer any
questions you have.
(car engine rustling)
(soft dramatic music)
What. what are you
gonna do with my car?
(Delgado Voiceover) Benetti
and Canzano pulls him over
with their lights flashing.
But once he got in the car.
they always took
their lights off.
They were pros.
(Canzano) Relax. sir.
(Benetti) These guys just.
they just wanna ask ya
a couple of questions-
(Grossman) No. I
know what this is. no-
They're gonna
take five minutes.
I would fucking hope so.
- No. no. I'm not getting out!
- This is easy.
- No. I'm not getting out!
- Hey!
- I'm not getting out!
I'm not getting out of this car!
No. I'm not getting
outta this car-
- We're doing it the hard way.
- No. oh. ow!
No. stop it. no!
No. no. no. stop it!
Come on. please. please!
Please don't. I'm a father!
(metal gate clatters)
(ominous music)
No. no. stop it. no. I
know what this is. no. no!
No. no. no. I'm a father.
please. I'm a father!
No. no. no. no. no!
(gun clicks)
(gun fires)
(body thuds)
Rat bastard.
(soft ominous music)
No. no. no.
Please. Mr. Sherman.
please don't
make me do this.
- Get a fucking shovel.
Please don't make me do this.
Mr. Sherman. I can't do this.
Son. get your shovel.
No. I can't do-
Get your shovel.
what'd you see?
- Please-
- Get a fucking shovel!
No. this is not
what we agreed to.
Whoa. wait. wait.
How many times did you see this?
I didn't see anything.
What'd you see all year?
- I didn't see anything-
- You don't see nothin'.
I can't do this.
- I told you. I protect you.
- Please-
Uncle Sherman will
protect you. okay. son?
Please get your shovel
and bury this pest.
Remember. you
didn't see nothing.
Jesus Christ. what did
this poor bastard do. huh?
You know what?
Whatever he did is
not your concern.
I don't think so.
Who the fuck you think you're
talking to but don't fucking but
don't fucking address me
like that.
- Take your cousin outta here.
- Come on. come on. come on.
No. fuck you. you four-eyed
fuck.
Hey. get him outside.
- Fuck you.
- Fuck you. you four-eyed fuck!
- Get outta here.
Go order a pizza.
you fat fuck.
- Fuck you. you fucking-
- Thank you.
Fucking piece of shit.
Fucking bald. fucking piece
of shit old fucking crackpot.
What's this guy's
fucking problem?
- Don't worry about him.
- Me?
Worried about him?
Who the fuck is he?
- That's Ben Sherman.
- Oh.
He's the guy you
need to know about.
but you don't need to
know. you catch my drift?
Look. you guys did real good.
I got no doubt when the
boss hears about it.
he's gonna be real.
real impressed.
Who's his fucking boss?
Galiano.
The Wrench?
Yeah. The Wrench.
No shit.
Tell Sherman if
he needs anything-
It's gonna cost him
more fucking money.
That's normal. you
guys deserve more money.
No shit we fucking
deserve more money.
My little cousin.
Alright. cousin.
I'll see you soon.
(dramatic music)
(Delgado Voiceover)
That's how it happens.
You do one bad thing that
leads to another bad thing.
and before you know it. you've
not only crossed the line.
you can't even see it anymore.
They tampered with
investigations. gave up informants.
wire tapped locations.
whatever Galiano needed.
They didn't see lines anymore.
but they did see color.
and their favorite
color was green.
(intense music)
They kept busy. the cash kept
flowing and so did the blood.
(gun firing)
They were probably thinking
they weren't doing
anything wrong.
that they were actually helping
get animals off the street
by setting them
loose on one another.
They were probably even
expecting a few pats
on the back for doing
the world a service.
But like they say. no
good deed goes unpunished.
And bad deeds. well. they
don't go unpunished either.
(wheels screeching)
You die. motherfucker!
(gun firing)
- Fuck you!
(wheels screeching)
(Galiano grunts)
(yells) Motherfucker!
(Galiano breathing heavily)
(groans) Motherfuck.
(groans) fuck!
Fuck! (groaning)
(Galiano breathing heavily)
(phone clattering)
(Galiano grunts)
Fucking cunt!
(dial tone ringing)
(Canzano) Yeah.
Sammy. ya gotta come.
ya gotta come over here.
Ah. get the fuck over here.
(phone slams)
What the fuck happened to you?
What do you mean
what the fuck?
This is fucking control.
What happened?
A hit. Sherman.
on my fucking block
in broad fucking daylight.
Did you see these guys?
No. I need you to find
out who fucking did it.
The cops showed up. Ben.
They fucking showed up.
they started grilling me.
What'd you tell 'em?
I told them that their mother
sucks fucking elephant cock!
I told 'em nothin'.
And they let you go?
I'm the fucking
victim. ya mope!
Hey. can you calm down?
I didn't fucking shoot you.
Calm down. okay?
You need to call up your
new fucking cop friends.
I want names. I want
fucking addresses.
and I want fucking
blood. ya hear me?
I hear you and the whole
fucking neighborhood hears ya.
Calm the fuck down.
I'll get him on the phone.
Motherfucker. (grunts)
Yeah. this is Sherman.
I want you to get in touch
with your cousin now.
(phone clatters)
All right. so...
(soft dramatic music)
(Delgado sighs)
30 years ago.
Johnny Galiano.
Yeah. I can't
believe this file's
just sitting here
gathering dust.
Well. where is he now?
(chilling beat)
Where is this fucking guy?
Shoulda taken a
piss at the airport.
Keep drinking that water.
what did you think
was gonna happen?
I. I get thirsty when I fly.
I'd be a big
boy and just wait.
(Polino sighs)
(door buzzing)
(door clatters)
(chilling music)
(door thuds)
There he was. that
smile didn't fool me.
I could see it in his eyes.
those chains were
absolutely necessary.
(lock clatters)
(soft ominous music)
This gonna take long?
I gotta go take a piss.
Mr. Galiano. my name's
Detective Delgado.
This is my partner.
Jesse Polino.
We're here from the District
Attorney's Office in New York-
New York. nice.
I can...
(chains clatter)
Tell by your accent.
I also like the
sound of Mr. Galiano.
I mean. I would say that other
than my ballooning bladder.
this is. this is
going really good.
Mr. Galiano. we have
a few questions about-
What. the mob cops?
(dramatic beat)
- Yeah. Benetti and Canzano.
You know. uh. I have
seen and done some shit
that would make your
assholes turn green.
Things that could put made guys
in this place right next to me.
But nobody asked me
about that no more.
Everybody wants to know
about these fucking cops.
You talked a lot
through the years.
given up a lot of guys. been in
and out of witness protection.
and yet. here we are.
Here we are.
How much of your testimony
would you say is accurate?
How much?
All of it. the whole thing.
Including murder?
They would suck my cock
if the price was right.
These are some unbelievable
accusations. Mr. Galiano.
What do you want.
it's the truth.
Well. that's the thing
about the fucking truth.
it's so unbelievable that
you can't fucking believe it.
That's right.
Would. would you be willing
to say this all over again
to us in your own words?
Yeah. you get me
outta here if I did?
No. no. no. no. no. no.
it's not gonna happen.
You get me early parole?
No.
How 'bout a piss break?
- Piss break?
- Yeah.
Joey. take him
to the bathroom.
Yeah. Joe. what
would I do without you?
You a boxer. huh?
Excuse me?
You're a boxer. I
could tell by your nose.
It's all fucked up.
(door buzzing)
(door clattering)
(door clangs)
Don't let him
get in your head.
This fucking guy's unbelievable.
You should probably go
take a piss yourself.
It's gonna be a
long fucking day.
(sighs) All right.
I'll be right back.
(door buzzes)
(door clattering)
Fucking guy.
(door thuds)
Once we got him talking.
it was off to the races.
I mean. in one breath.
he gave up Sherman.
told us about Grossman.
and then got to
the day he got hit.
What a pair of
balls these guys had.
You fucked with a lot of guys.
What the fuck did you
think was gonna happen?
You ever been shot?
(soft dramatic music)
How 'bout you?
Well. you ever stub your toe?
You know. what happens
is you get this surge.
I don't know.
fucking adrenaline?
And whatever emotion
you got going on
when it happens. it
gets. uh. amplified.
So. uh. if you're scared.
you get more scared.
And if you're angry. well.
you go fucking ballistic.
So. I called the cops.
Do me a favor. and don't
call them cops. all right?
Those guys were a lot of
things. but they were not cops.
Okay. Mr. Sensitive. I
don't give a flying fuck.
A cop is a cop to me.
You're all jerk-offs. okay?
So you could write down whatever
the fuck you wanna write down.
Do you wanna hear this or not?
(sighs) Yeah.
I didn't even wait for
the fucking blood to dry.
I got on the phone
and I called Sherman
to call Freddy
and set up a meet.
(dramatic beat)
They fucking hit Galiano.
Who did?
That's what we
need you to find out.
No problem. tell
'em not to worry.
I ain't gonna tell him nothin'
till you get me
some fucking name.
(dramatic music)
Let's go shake some trees.
(engine revving)
(wheels screeching)
(Galiano Voiceover)
I didn't care
how those motherfuckers did it.
I just wanted it done.
I wanted names. I wanted
address. I wanted blood.
Lucky for me. the shit hit
the NYPD fan just in time
for the cops to get a whiff.
Oh. here it is.
(Galiano Voiceover) And
the first piece of shit
to come up was the
bitch of the bunch.
Josh fucking Hughes. dog boy.
Josh kept bringing his
fucking mutt around
everywhere he went.
including right
into Wong's Chinese restaurant.
Now. I'm not a big
fan of Chinese food.
but Wong was a friend and
unless dog was on the menu.
there was no fucking
reason to bring
that mutt through
his front door.
(dog softly yaps)
(Josh) So what
happened with that broad?
I mean. you know. we
were thinking about-
Oh. what's up with
the fucking dog?
Customers are complainin' here.
He's eating with me.
Listen. Mr. Wong runs a
fucking standup joint over here.
You can't be bringing
that fucking dog in
for egg rolls no
more. you understand?
Anthony's right. Josh. let's
get the fuck outta here. bro.
I ain't goin' anywhere.
Now why you being
such an asshole?
Call me an asshole
again. see what happens.
(hand pats)
Oh. it's Johnny.
What's the problem?
It. it's all good. I got this.
- It's all good?
- Johnny. I got it.
My dog was hungry.
Your dog's hungry?
Well. look at that. oh. it
looks like he's still hungry.
You got this?
Handle it.
- He's got quite the appetite.
Yeah. quite the
appetite. handle that.
Listen. take the
fucking dog and go home.
I ain't going nowhere.
We're hungry and we
came for dim sum.
Dim sum. and then some. ya dig?
This ain't
fucking funny. Josh.
Read the goddam room. bro.
I'm just getting started.
Motherfucker!
(hand slams)
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa-
Let's fucking do it right now.
I'll shoot this fucking dog!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Hey. hey. hey. come on. whoa-
You too.
get the fuck outta here!
- Whoa. let's go. let's go.
Get your dog and get the fuck
outta here.
- Let's go. let's go.
Come on. come on. come on.
(silverware clinking)
(customers chattering)
Sorry about that. your meal's
on me. don't worry. sorry.
They say every dog
has its day. right?
And Josh's day was coming too.
The cops had his
name and my money.
but they took their
sweet fucking time.
Wow. this is very fancy. Leo.
You deserve fancy.
Yeah. I know.
Hi. hi.
- Here you go. thank you.
Guys order yet?
Nah. we didn't
order. hi Felicia.
- Hi.
- No. we were waiting for you.
Can I get you
something to drink?
Uh. can we get two
more glasses. please?
Absolutely.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
So sorry we were late.
Leo. he was. uh. messing
with his hair again.
(Marianne laughs)
Ya don't gotta tell 'em that.
(gentle ambient music)
(customers softly chattering)
What. the sorry part or
the bit about your hair?
Both.
Marianne. you
look so beautiful.
- Oh.
- It has been so long
since I've seen you.
Too long. Felicia. I know.
I mean. this necklace
is so beautiful.
- Do you like it?
- I love it.
Thank you. Leo. he
just got it for me.
Wow.
Yeah. I wanna
make a toast. huh?
All right.
To good friends.
Huh. that's nice.
Salut.
(glasses clinking)
- Salut.
(gentle ambient music)
(customers softly chattering)
Um. (clears
throat) Leo. the. uh.
the steak here is like $80.
So?
So are we gonna. are
we gonna share one?
'Cause it's like a week's worth
of groceries if we each get one.
So don't order
the steak. honey.
Come on. lighten up. would ya?
You're making it
awkward for everybody.
(gentle ambient music)
(customers softly chattering)
I'm sorry.
We can share a plate.
Felicia. if you want.
- Oh. no...
- No. no.
no one's sharin' nothin'.
Do you know what
you'd like for dinner?
Yeah. um. she's gonna
have the steak medium rare.
and. uh. I'll have one myself.
We'll have the
same. thank you-
Well. I'll order
Fettuccine Alfredo. please.
You can get
fettuccine at home.
I'm in the mood
for fettuccine.
Why don't we all get pasta?
Yeah. yeah. I.
you know. I think I.
I would actually like
to change my order-
You're not changing
your order. okay?
(gentle ambient music)
(silverware clinking)
This is nice. right. huh?
Had to call the fucking Pentagon
to get a reservation here.
Just four steaks
and a fettuccine.
You got it.
Thank you.
If you talk to me
like that next time.
you're walking home. all right?
Anyhoo. (chuckles)
Yeah.
(Marianne chuckles)
I was saying earlier. um...
(rising ominous music
drowns out Canzano)
What?
She said he got a
wandering eye. and I said-
(Benetti laughing)
He does have a wandering eye.
I said. I think it
was the concussion.
What are you talking. are you-
(all laughing)
(ominous music continues)
(Galiano Voiceover) Once
they finally got their heads
outta their asses.
Freddy set up a meet.
(car door slams)
(ominous music rising)
Hey.
- Ah.
- Hey.
How you boys doing?
- Good.
- Beautiful today. huh?
So what do you guys got?
The bottom feeder. Josh
Hughes. you know him?
Yeah. I know who he is.
We got two other
names. no IDs yet.
All right. you
and your partner.
go pick him up and bring him in.
Oh. excuse me?
Take it easy. Leo.
I'll take it easy
once this cocksucker
tells us exactly
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa
- Hey. hey. hey. hey-
- Who the fuck he thinks
he's talking to.
- No one talks to me
like that. all right?
- You can't call him
a cocksucker.
- Hey. Pillsbury.
don't talk to me like that.
It's all right.
it's all right.
- Whaddya doing?
- What am I doing?
Let me explain something to you.
We're not fucking gophers.
Hey. it's a lot
of fucking money.
It's not enough.
"Pick him up."
I'll let him fucking
pick up his fucking teeth
all over the goddam sidewalk.
how does that sound?
- Hey-
- He does have a point.
Oh. you too now. huh?
It's actually the perfect
time to renegotiate.
All right. go renegotiate.
Go bite the hand that feeds
us. see if I give a fuck.
Fuck you. we've been doing
fine without all this bullshit.
This is bigger than
anything you ever done.
Bigger headache. maybe.
We'll do it.
But after this.
our rate goes up.
(Galiano Voiceover)
You believe the ball's
on those assholes?
I mean. I'm surprised Ben
didn't whack 'em then and there.
When they finally made
it to Josh's house.
they found his
jerk-off brother Phil
in the driveway instead.
They would've been
doing the world a favor
if they picked up Phil too.
(shoes clattering)
(Canzano) You Josh Hughes?
Nah.
(passersby chattering)
This isn't Josh's house?
Nope. this ain't Josh's house.
Then you must be
his brother. Phil.
Who's asking?
NYPD. put down
the fucking wrench.
Josh doesn't live here?
Nah. it's our ma's house.
It's your ma's house.
If you had to
take a wild guess.
when was the last
time you saw him?
Wild guess?
He could be with.
uh. Ricky. Bobby.
Joey. George. Johnny.
You could check all those
fucking guys out.
- You jerk-off. listen to me.
Oh. you wanna be a
fucking smart guy. huh?
You wanna spend the
fucking weekend in Rikers?
Is that what you want?
(ominous music)
'Cause I'll make that
happen right now.
You'll be getting butt-fucked
from sunrise to sunset-
- Take it easy. Leo.
- How does that sound. huh?
Why don't you guys
go take a fucking walk
two blocks up to
the fucking park.
He hangs out with this
girl all the fucking time.
Get outta my fucking face!
- Thank you.
(ominous music rising)
(car wheels screeching)
(Galiano Voiceover)
They found the cocksucker
a few blocks away.
- Josh Hughes?
- Josh. we wanna talk
to you down at the station.
- NYPD.
- NYPD. you got the right
to remain silent-
What?
Anything you can say will.
will be used against you
in the court of the law.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa-
Wanna ask you a few questions.
- Put your fucking hands-
- What'd you do?
- Behind your back-
- It's all right.
Ya little cocksucker.
- Yo-
- I hope you got an allowance.
Hey. what the fuck is
going on. what's wrong
with this fucking guy?
- Josh!
- Get in the fucking car.
- You fucking cocksucker!
Watch your head
there. watch your head.
Get the fuck outta here.
you fucking scumbag
motherfuckers.
- Sorry about that.
- Oh. fuck yourself.
He'll be back by lunch.
don't worry about it.
Where the fuck are taking
me. you fucking pigs?
(car wheels screeching)
(ominous music rising)
Cops or no cops. you're
dead. ya hear me?
This is bullshit. I'ma
do a lot more than
(Josh indistinct)
- Shut the fuck up.
Be quiet back there.
Where the fuck
are you taking me?
You're a fat fuck. you
and your entire family.
you fucking pig.
- Will you shut the fuck up?
Make me. you fat fuck!
It's gonna be a long drive.
Here. pull the-
You're a fucking
- Pull the fucking car over.
- You're a fucking tough guy?
Pull the fucking car over.
we'll put him in the trunk.
(Canzano) Yeah.
(car hood banging)
(chilling music)
(Galiano Voiceover)
The deal was they'd bring
the cocksucker to Silano.
and Silano brings
the cocksucker to me.
You fucking fat cocksucker.
Motherfucker. you fat fuck.
Suck this cock.
Get in (mumbling)
(Josh mumbling)
(Josh grunting)
(fist smacking)
All right.
(trunk hood slams)
(Galiano Voiceover) The
cops were errand boys.
They weren't ready for what
I had planned for Josh.
And neither was Josh.
(chilling music rising)
(distant dogs barking)
(ominous music rising)
(shoes thudding)
(chilling music rising)
(shoes thudding continues)
(ominous music)
Who ordered the
fucking hit. Josh?
(Josh breathing heavily)
(Galiano's shoes thudding)
(soft ominous music)
Who gave you the fucking order?
Go fuck yourself.
(bone crunches)
(Josh screams)
(grunts) Motherfucker!
Yeah. who gave you
the fucking order?
Fuck you!
Motherfucker!
(wrench slams)
(Josh screams)
Who ordered the fucking hit?
- Fuck you!
- Yeah!
- Yeah.
That's the spirit. this is good.
That's the fucking spirit!
- (screams) You motherfucker!
Yeah. I love this.
This is fun for
me. this is good.
Fuck you and your mother.
(bones crunch)
(Josh screams)
(Josh whimpers)
(soft chilling music)
(soft ominous music)
(chilling music rising)
I. I fucking hate you.
I fucking hate you.
Who ordered the fucking hit?
Gimme the fucking name!
(Josh) Your
mother. motherfucker!
(gentle radio music muffling)
(chilling music)
(bone crushing)
(Josh screaming)
Come here. who
ordered the fucking hit?
(bone crunching)
(Josh screaming)
Who ordered the fucking.
who ordered the fucking hit?
Your fucking mother!
- Yeah. that's the spirit.
- Yeah. you wanna-
- That's the fucking spirit.
- Fucking bite me?
You fucking piece of shit!
Who- (Josh grunting)
Who ordered the hit?
(punch smacks)
(chilling music)
(chilling music softening)
Doesn't sound good now. huh?
Doesn't sound good at all.
(gentle radio music muffling)
See this fucking gorilla
I'm dealing with over there?
Did you get
anything out of him?
Yeah. he's negotiating.
but we'll be all right.
What's that rat negotiating?
No. he said that if I. uh.
leave his body for his mother
to find so she could
collect the insurance money.
he'll give me the names.
I know you a long time.
are you gonna do that?
I'm gonna do so many
fucking things to this kid.
Nobody's gonna find his
body when I'm done with it.
Forget it. I fucking hate him.
It's. uh. it's gonna. it's
gonna get pretty fucking loud.
You might wanna turn
the radio up. sorry.
(gentle radio music rises)
(gentle radio music muffling)
(soft chilling music
drowns out radio)
(chilling music rising)
- Fuck.
- Josh. look at me.
There was three people
in the car that day.
You think the other
two guys would want
to trade places
with you right now?
I know what you're
thinking. Josh.
You think that as long as
you don't say those names.
you stay alive. that those names
are the only thing
keeping you alive.
And you're right. you're
abso-fucking-lutely right.
(intense music rising)
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
It's a non-negotiable.
You're not walking
outta this place today.
Fuck away from me. man!
- Yeah.
- Motherfuck!
The difference is those names.
It's gonna be a slow
death or a quick one.
(chilling music rising)
Man. fuck. Mickey Galassi.
Mickey Galassi.
I don't know him.
What about the other guy?
Avara. Carmine Avara.
- Carmine Avara?
- Yeah.
Motherfucker!
You better not be
fucking lying to me.
I'm not. I swear to God.
I'm telling you the truth.
So you gonna do it?
What?
What we talked about.
I gave you the names. you
gonna tell my mother...
Where to find my body?
(Galiano Voiceover) I
didn't wanna lie to the guy.
So instead. I answered
him a different way.
(gun fires)
(chair clatters)
(body thuds)
(distant dogs barking)
(gentle eerie music)
(fluorescent lights humming)
What did you do with the body?
Fellas. are we done here?
I gotta take another piss.
It's the unfortunate
results of old age.
Where's Josh's body?
Guard!
Hey. we're gonna need
to hear the rest of it.
You know where to find me.
Where the fuck am I going?
Guard!
(door buzzing)
(door clatters)
There he is. I missed you.
Good talking to you guys.
(chains clinking)
(shoes shuffling)
(door creaks)
(door thuds)
You all right?
- Yeah.
- You sure?
Yeah. just. just talking
about Phil. just...
The brother.
Yeah. he was my old CI.
So what happened to him?
(distant traffic rustling)
(shoes clattering)
(distant people chattering)
(car door clattering)
It's all there names. numbers.
who they fucked
when they were 12.
their favorite color.
I got everything.
I'm done. I'm out. that's it.
What do you mean
you're out. you're done?
Gimme a few more.
I'm gonna put you
in the witness
protection program.
Witness protection. how
can I fucking trust you?
You're my CI. I've
been taking care
of you for years. I got you.
What about my ma?
Mom could come with you.
Couple more?
Couple more and we're done.
(car door clattering)
- Couple more.
(car door slams)
These are bad
fucking people. Jesse.
We gotta reopen this case.
So let's reopen it.
(files slams)
Johnny Galiano.
(file thuds)
- What about him?
We paid him a visit the
other day. he had a lot to say.
From what I remember.
he doesn't run outta
things to say now. does he?
Sir. there are pages
and pages of testimony
of him implicating NYPD cops
in numerous illegal
activities. including murder.
Benetti and Canzano?
It matches all
testimony word for word.
This is not all new. sir.
- Yes. it is.
- How so?
Galiano is a homicidal
maniac. all right?
The guy's a complete fucking
psychopath and he's a liar.
He's lied on the stand
under oath numerous times.
You guys wanna open up this case
and put these guys on trial?
I'm gonna need more
than the ramblings
of some fucking madman.
(light percussive music)
(Delgado sighs)
(soft dramatic music)
(Delgado Voiceover)
They needed more proof.
So we poured through every page
in those boxes. every word.
If there was a coffee stain
on one of those papers.
we traced it back to
the mug that made it.
What about Sherman?
What about him?
His rap sheet's just
as long as Galiano's.
No testimony though. zero
cooperation. real buttoned up.
Think you can break him?
Dangle a deal in front
of him. see if he bites.
Everybody's got a soft spot.
(light intense music)
(car softly rustling)
(soft ominous music)
(car door clatters)
(car door slams)
(door creaking)
(door clatters)
What are you doing?
I'm sorry. baby.
I know it's late.
No. this is every
single night now.
I know. but I'm close.
I'm. I think I got something.
No. this case has taken up
all of your time. and now mine.
You don't even have time to
have dinner with me anymore.
Baby. I'm sorry. I really am.
But I'm this fucking close.
I love you. come here.
Your day was good?
Yeah. it was fine.
I'm sorry. I love you.
I'm gonna go shower.
you wanna hang out?
Make me some dinner?
- Go shower.
You gonna make
you some dinner?
Yeah. I'ma heat you up these
leftovers. That's what I'll do.
All right. I love you.
I'll be back. 10 minutes.
(chilling music)
Ben Sherman did his time
with his mouth shut.
He didn't take any deals
and absolutely zero
shit from anybody.
But it looked like if
anyone was gonna help us
blow this case open. it was him.
(ominous music)
Nine years in your seventies
sounds a little bit different
than your thirties.
wouldn't you say?
Yeah. seems like every
time Galiano opens his mouth.
your name's right
there on his lips.
You know. we have
an office stacked
to the ceiling with
testimony from Galiano
that not only says these two
cops were on his payroll.
but that you were his middleman.
Galiano's a
fucking psychopath.
He speaks.
Why don't you go back
and talk to Galiano?
He'll give you
plenty of stories.
Whaddya you need me for?
We did. we wanna
hear your side.
I don't have a side.
(soft ominous music)
How does it feel?
Be more specific.
whaddya talkin' about?
This place. being locked up.
- You get used to it.
- Do you?
I don't know. day in. day out.
metal. concrete. same routine.
Doesn't time just
weigh you down?
You know what?
I have a routine in here.
the same as outside.
The only difference is
you know you're in prison.
You're gonna die
in here. alone.
Out there. you got
people who love you.
That wife. daughter. grandson.
heck. even your scumbag friends.
But in here. all you
got is time. Benny.
BUt time's running out.
And I know you feel it more
in here than we do out there.
So how about you tell
us about Mickey Galassi?
You know what?
Lot of scumbags out
there deserve to die.
You know. for what I've
done. maybe I deserve to die.
But that Galassi kid.
he didn't deserve what he got.
Not the day goes by that I
don't think about that kid.
Whether I'm standing
on a lunch line
or if I'm talking to my wife.
even sitting on the john.
You think Galiano
feels bad about it too?
How about those dirty cops?
You think they're losing
any sleep over it?
You think they've
devoted a second
of their time like you have
to even remembering
the kid's name?
I'm no shrink. but those
guys are sociopaths.
And Galiano. he's a
fucking psychopath.
Okay. whatever. same boat.
But you have an
opportunity here. Ben.
Not only to see
your family again.
but to set the story straight
and get these guys to
do time. real time.
so they can feel the weight
of it just like you do.
I wanna hear how
you and Galiano met.
First in. first served.
Whatever you wanna do.
You want us to help you?
You wanna see your family again?
Start talking.
(hand tapping)
(Sherman sighs)
(Sherman Voiceover)
Silano. he had his fingers
in a few different
pies around town.
Some bad decisions came
(gun firing)
with some very.
very bad consequences.
(wheels screeching)
The worst consequence of all
was that I lost my middleman.
So with no choice and
absolutely no fucking patience.
I had to personally
take this over.
I didn't like the fat one.
But the skinny one.
I could tolerate him.
You guys are gonna be
dealing directly with me.
I'm okay with that.
I'm not okay with that.
Your fucking partner-
Don't worry about him. his
bark is worse than his bite.
Ha. I like that analogy.
He's like a little
fat fucking dog.
So Galiano. he
had that guy used.
he got two names out of him:
Mickey Galassi and Carmine-
Avara.
We gotta put Avara on
the back burner right now.
But it's open season
for this Galassi guy.
Galiano wants his address.
We're good.
- Sure?
- Yeah.
Keep your fucking partner
under control. okay?
All right.
(Sherman Voiceover)
These guys.
they had the world
at their fingertips.
All they had to do was tap a
few buttons on the computer.
(light dramatic music)
- Hi Sammy. come on in. hey.
- Hi. Felicia.
My condolences.
Oh. thank you.
Let me take your coat.
- Yeah.
He's down in the basement.
Thank you.
Yeah. of course.
(Benetti grunting)
My condolences on your cousin.
(Benetti breathing heavily)
Yeah. same shit's
waiting for us.
You know that. right?
Happened to your cousin
has nothing to do with us.
It's got everything
to do with us.
Cousin was a scumbag.
Watch it.
Cousin was a monster.
They all had it coming to 'em.
It's only a matter of time.
Get the fuck away.
We're cops.
We're the good guys.
(Benetti grunting)
Trying to get a heart attack?
I'm getting ready.
Ready for what?
For anything.
(Benetti grunts)
Galiano killed that kid.
Yeah. no shit.
Not before I got
some information.
Yeah. let me guess. he
wants us to go pick him up?
Nah. just. uh. get
some names and addresses.
Tell him to use the
fucking phone book.
When did you speak to Galiano?
Sherman asked to meet.
Without me?
He knew you'd be. uh. busy
with the funeral and all.
Right.
Come on. get
dressed. he's waiting for us.
Yeah.
Whaddya got?
Come on.
(dramatic beat)
(light intense music)
I didn't like the look
in the fat one's eyes.
What's this?
That's what your
pennies gets you.
I was right. they handed
me a list of Mickey Galassis
without telling me which one was
the one we were looking for.
Now. stop fucking around.
Which is the right name?
You want better information?
We're gonna need
some better money.
(Sherman Voiceover) In
a situation like this.
you got two options
to get your message
through hard heads like that.
The first option is a bullet.
I took the second one.
(car engine starting)
But I shoulda went
with the bullet.
(ominous music)
Mickey Galassi lived
with his mother
and installed phones
out in Park Slope.
Look at her. this
car was a woman.
my girl would have a
real problem. get in.
(dramatic music)
(guns firing)
(Mickey grunts)
- What?
(Mickey's friend indistinct)
(Mickey gasping)
(Sherman Voiceover) But it
was the wrong Mickey Galassi.
If it was up to me.
that would've been
the end of those two.
But it wasn't up to me.
Galiano wants to meet.
(light intense music)
(Sherman Voiceover) I set up
to meet at Wong's restaurant.
The place might have had
a couple of cockroaches.
but it was the only place
that didn't have any bugs.
Galiano's temper was
already up to 11.
This was it. one more fuck up.
and he was gonna put these
two guys on the menu.
Goddam fucking shit show.
- Hey. you okay?
- Ah. fuck off.
Here. sorry. here. go
home. just take it.
Okay.
You two fucking cops. I
got a bullet for each of you.
All right. take it easy.
Take it easy?
I asked you for one thing.
one little fucking thing.
an address. and what happened?
With all due respect.
it wasn't a little thing.
fuck your mother.
All we asked for was
a little bit extra.
You want good work. you gotta
keep the employees happy.
Fuck your mother too.
Listen. we can get
you anything you want.
but no more of this
nickel-and-dime business.
What business
you talking about?
Put us on the payroll.
(chuckling) Payroll.
You hear these fucks?
4K a month.
We'll get you the
right information.
But anything extra
will cost extra.
you know what I'm saying?
(ominous music)
What do you think. Ben?
(Galliano) I still didn't like
'em.
but I couldn't deny the fact
that they were useful to us.
So I had to put my
personal feelings aside.
This could be a good deal
if you don't fuck it up.
Okay.
All right. if Ben
says it's a good deal.
then it's a good fucking deal.
But I'm telling
you this right now.
you fucks better stay in line
because the second I
find out that you're not.
they're gonna be
serving actual pig
on this fucking menu. okay?
The fucking hand outta my face.
I guess that went well. right?
And just like that. they were
officially on the payroll.
The skinny one.
he was top shelf.
He got us names. addresses.
and surveillance locations.
If there were eyes
or ears on us.
we knew exactly where they were.
The fat one started
pulling his weight too.
and that was saying a lot.
We kept their plates full.
along with their pockets.
It was all fun and
games for a while.
but Galiano still had an
itch that needed scratchin'.
He wasn't gonna let that
hit go and that itch.
it quickly turned into a rash.
(shoes clattering)
(soft ominous music)
Galiano. he wants Carmine Avara.
He's still mad
about that. huh?
Avara's much bigger fish.
You know what that means?
Yeah. I know
exactly what it means.
And that's why today.
you're gonna make
$70.000 on this. okay?
Guess you don't just
want addresses. huh?
You know what you gotta do.
(ominous music)
All right.
(soft dramatic music)
Now you're working
for me. all right?
(chilling beat)
And listen. do me a
favor. don't fuck it up.
Avara was a cop with one of
the major crime families.
They tailed him for weeks.
getting his routine down.
You performed witchcraft
on that chicken.
oh. it's phenomenal.
Yeah. he liked it?
- Yeah.
- Good.
- How you like the wine?
- Mm...
(light ambient music)
Yeah. I mean. I don't know
a lot about wine. Leo.
All you need to know
(glasses clink)
Is how to bring it to your lips.
(Felicia laughs)
Looks expensive.
It taste expensive?
Tastes like wine.
What does it matter
how much it costs?
How much it costs isn't
what's bothering me.
What's bothering me is
how you paid for it.
Come on. honey. we're havin'
a nice night. don't ruin it.
Where's it coming
from. Leo. huh?
What's what coming from?
The wine. the suits.
the. the jewelry. huh?
What. what's what coming from?
Where is the fucking
money coming from. Leo?
(scoffs) You know. some of
the wives. they been talkin'
and they sayin' they think-
What do they say?
They. no. they're ridiculous
things. unbelievable things.
- They're jealous of you.
- No.
- No. no.
They're jealous of me.
they're jealous of us.
They're jealous of
what we have together.
That's what jealous
people do. they talk.
They wanna get inside your head
and they wanna make you feel bad
for being better than they are.
(light ambient music continues)
(Felicia sighs)
I gotta go out tonight.
You keep busting my
balls about money.
but I'm asking
you. baby. please.
no more questions. capeesh?
(light ambient music continues)
Fine. Leo. no more questions.
(door clatters)
(door clicks)
Are you going out?
Yeah. uh. I got a thing.
Can you tell me. what is this?
It's not what you think.
Come on. it's a work thing.
I can't talk about it. but it
won't take long. I promise.
What is this?
I can't talk about it.
What you mean you
can't talk about it?
Who is she?
I knew it. motherfucker. I knew.
- No-
- I hope it was worth it!
It's not fucking
lipstick. okay?
It's blood.
Blood. who's blood?
I don't know.
(gentle bass guitar music)
(ominous music)
Make sure you take care of
that fucking thing tomorrow.
Yes. sir.
He's coming.
(eerie music)
(car door clattering)
(engine starting)
(police car starting)
(car wheels screeching)
(smooth dramatic music)
(siren softly blaring)
(smooth dramatic
music continues)
(soft dramatic music)
(car door slams)
(Sherman Voiceover) Avara
fell for the traffic stop.
hook. line. and sinker.
(soft dramatic music)
License and registration.
What's the fucking
problem. Officer?
We'll talk. license
and registration.
Did I do somethin'?
Yeah. there's a tail light.
Always busting
my fucking balls.
(glove compartment
door clattering)
(papers fluttering)
(Sherman Voiceover) They made
sure they had the right guy.
Carmine Avara.
(ominous music)
- Yeah.
- What's that?
(gun firing)
(Carmine groans)
We good?
- Yeah. we good.
- All right.
(smooth dramatic music)
(Sherman Voiceover) And
that was it for Carmine Avara.
(car rustling)
(car wheels screeching)
Very good. Ben.
Now. are you willing
to say this in front of a jury?
(pen thuds)
(soft dramatic music)
Sherman matched Galiano's
testimony word for word.
But we still needed more.
(soft dramatic music)
Wait. wait. wait.
that's the release.
And it was a few days
before the hit on Galassi.
That's Canzano's number.
Got him.
(light dramatic music)
(Director clears throat)
(glasses clatter)
(file smacks)
(Director clears throat)
Well. I think it's safe
to say you more
than poked the bear.
Gave him a good swift
kick in the ass.
Is it enough?
(pages rustle)
I mean. you realize this is
gonna taint the NYPD forever.
We can't just let them
get away with it. sir.
It's now or never.
(Delgado sighs)
Yeah. you're right.
We can't let 'em
get away with it.
So. I guess that's
a green light.
- Thank you. sir.
- Good luck.
- You won't regret it.
- Good work. gentlemen.
Thank you.
Babe. babe. babe!
What happened?
- They opened the case.
- No.
- Swear to God.
- I don't believe you.
Swear to fucking God.
- I swear.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
You're gonna finally
get these guys?
I have no fucking
other choice. do I?
Finally. oh my god.
(soft music)
- I'm so happy.
Aw. babe. I'm so
proud of you. finally.
Let's open a bottle of wine.
And have some dinner?
(soft music continues)
Beautiful. baby!
Oh. I'm just so
happy. I'm so happy.
Oh. oh. I'm so happy.
(Delgado Voiceover) I couldn't
wait to get my life back.
But we needed to get these guys.
I love you.
- Love you.
(gentle music)
(light music)
(Delgado Voiceover) They
were retired now from the NYPD
and they moved to Vegas.
but they were still keeping
busy. mostly dealing drugs.
Benetti met an actor one day
and talked himself
into a few bit parts
in some legitimate
Hollywood movies
and thought of himself
as a movie star.
How ya doing?
(Movie Director) And cut.
They got spreads
laid out all over there
you wouldn't believe.
And every day it's
something new.
These actors. they eat good.
And we're treated good too.
It's all mister and sirs.
I'm telling ya. think
I found my calling.
(sighs) You ever stop
to think that maybe
the spotlight's not really
the best thing for us?
Whaddya talkin' about?
What am I talking
about. whaddya doin'?
What?
Movie. TV. books. huh?
You know. why don't you
get yourself a talk show?
I know how you love to talk.
Hey. there ain't no spotlight
on us. you paranoid fuck.
Yeah. I talk a lot.
but you know what?
You should listen. we got
a good thing goin' here.
Nobody breathin' down
our necks no more.
We're old men now. we
deserve to enjoy it.
Otherwise. what's it all for?
You sound like
a fucking actor.
Ah. fuck you.
What's that. like a speech
from your next mob movie?
We do have a good thing going!
And you just wanna
throw it all away.
(soft ominous music)
(silverware clinking)
(Canzano sighs)
We're not untouchable. Leo.
That's exactly what we are.
The Fucking Untouchables.
Have you seen it yet. hm?
Sean Connery. Kevin Costner.
Bobby De Niro as Al Capone.
You're fucking delusional.
You gotta relax.
We're gonna have a
movie night this week.
Tell Marianne we'll come over.
Well. I got it on DVD.
This is not a movie.
Not yet it's not.
What's that supposed to mean?
I don't wanna jinx anything.
but my book is getting a
lot of attention. right?
Outstanding. more attention.
(Canzano coughing)
Would you fucking relax?
Have a piece of
toast or something?
The fucking coffee's
rottin' your brain.
Wanna see me relax?
This is me relaxed.
Where you going?
(door clatters)
(bell chiming)
(Delgado Voiceover) I went
over every detail
in those testimonies.
Guys. does Joey
still own this place?
Stop it. no. no. no. stop!
No. no!
(gun fires)
Who's that?
We don't know a Joey.
(Delgado Voiceover) If
we were gonna do this.
we need to know the
case inside-out.
(mumbling) Motherfuck.
(dramatic music)
(gun fires)
(Delgado Voiceover)
These guys were in deep.
But if we were gonna get
'em. we needed to go deeper.
(gun firing)
(dramatic music continues)
- We good?
- Yeah. we good.
Hey. (indistinct) those guys
that came over here last week?
But there was no way
I was gonna stop...
Have you seen 'em?
Until I brought them to justice.
(soft ominous music)
(camera clicking)
Benetti also sold
cars as a day job.
But we had to catch him selling
a lot more than just Cadillacs.
After decades on the force.
you develop a sixth sense
that goes beyond intuition.
All it takes is a second for you
to know a scumbag
when you see one.
I mean. it's five.
it's $5.000 more.
I'm gonna go shake him down.
All right. let's
give him some love.
Let's go.
(engine starting)
After days of seeing Iggy Sands
and Benetti doing business.
we decided to question him.
(Sands) Ma'am. I mean.
this is a nice gift
for the young kid to get
uptown. downtown. midtown-
Iggy Sands. come here.
Hang on. folks.
NYPD. my name is
Detective Delgado.
this is my partner Jesse Polino.
How long you been
working for Mr. Benetti?
Couple months.
maybe. give or take.
You ever seen him
get his hands dirty?
I. I. I can't
say for sure. but-
Iggy. listen to me very
fucking carefully. understand?
I've been watching
you for two days now.
I know you're up to
some fucking shady shit.
I saw that exchange with
the fucking envelope.
You gotta start talkin'. kid.
If you don't gimme
something. I'm taking you in.
Start talking. what is he like?
What does he do?
- Um. he. he-
- Start talking!
- Come on. talk.
Uh. he. he talks
about Hollywood a lot.
He won't shut the
fuck up about it.
- Hollywood?
- What do you mean Hollywood?
I don't know.
he's. he talks about
that he wrote a book. okay?
And he. and he wants to
make it into a movie.
Guy thinks he knows how
to do shit like that.
I. I. I don't know.
Hey. Iggy. I'm gonna give
you some fucking advice.
Get your shit. get
the fuck outta here.
If I come back and I see
you here. I'm taking you in.
Let's get outta here.
All right. that sounds great.
Okay. that sounds
great. all right.
Yeah. yeah. that sounds great.
Okay. all right. well.
talk to you tomorrow.
Leo. what is it.
what. what's the matter?
- Holy shit.>
- Leo. what. what?
What. what's the matter. what?
I can't fucking believe it.
You're breathing like
an animal. what is it?
I just got off the
phone with a producer.
a Hollywood producer.
He read my book and he loved it.
And not only that.
he wants to make it.
- Make it?
- Yeah!
- Wait. wait. into a movie?
Oh my god. Leo!
Oh my god!
- Can you believe it?
(Felicia squealing)
Come here.
Wait. can we be in it?
Huh. can we be in it?
Yeah. you can be in it.
- Oh my god!
- We can be in it?
- Are you gonna play the lead?
Can you imagine?
- I can imagine. yes!
- Can you imagine?
(Delgado Voiceover) Benetti
always wanted to be famous.
Oh my god!
(Delgado Voiceover) So
we were gonna help him
get his wish.
(gentle acoustic guitar music)
We put a detective undercover
as a producer named Sam Cervino.
Benetti was over the moon.
(gentle acoustic
guitar music continues)
Mr. Cervino?
Come on. please. call me Sam.
Nice to meet you.
Sam. call me Leo.
(Cervino) Have a seat.
I know who you are.
(both chuckling)
What are you drinking. Leo?
(Benetti) Scotch and soda.
(Cervino) Scotch and soda
for the gentleman.
- Great.
- One more of these for me.
Absolutely. coming right up.
So great to meet you.
- Yeah.
- Finally.
Nice to meet you too.
I gotta tell you somethin'.
you're a hell of a writer.
- Ah. come on. stop.
- I'm telling you. man.
Thank you.
This is gonna make
an amazing movie.
You got the talent-
Yeah.
I think you could
really be a movie star.
I think so too.
my wife. they. they.
they think I should be the
lead of the movie. buddy.
Well. we're considering.
And soda. another for you.
- Thank you.
- Thank you very much.
- This for you.
Whaddya wanna toast to?
Huh. to new
friends. to your book.
and an Academy
Award-winning movie.
(glasses tap)
- Salut.
(dramatic beat)
(Delgado Voiceover) Benetti
didn't hold anything back.
Talked about his
family ties to the mob.
his years on the NYPD. and
his friendship with Canzano.
The only thing he didn't
talk about was his time
and a half as a mob hit man.
But we still knew right there
and then that we had him.
- I'll give it to you.
- Fuck. oh my god.
Yeah.
I gotta go. I got calls
to make in the morning.
I gotta throw a party tonight.
Oh fucking Christ-
I gotta get outta here too.
Tomorrow night.
tomorrow night. (laughs)
You should come.
come to this party.
Yeah?
Oh. please come.
bring anybody you want.
- All right.
- Oh wait.
I'm trying to find some
blow for this party.
Yeah.
You know where
I could get some?
(silverware clinking)
You know who
you're talking to?
You're talking to the guy
that could get you any
fucking thing in town.
(Cervino giggling)
(Cervino) Goddam.
you're a funny guy.
I had you.
(Cervino laughing)
- You're a funny guy.
- Yeah.
Yeah. yeah.
- I'll call you. man.
Thank you. brother.
- All right. gimme a ring
tomorrow. I'm gonna
come to that party.
- That was incredible.
- We'll come. yeah. for sure.
(Delgado Voiceover)
Everything was going according
to plan. it was gonna be enough
to get them on drug charges
and then we could throw
the rest of it right
on top of their dirty heads.
Well. that was too easy.
(Cervino laughing)
- We got him.
(Canzano coughing)
- It's getting worse.
- Yeah.
But you look
good. considering.
Thanks.
Maybe this could
be it. you know?
This movie can set
us up for the future.
We don't need money.
I know we don't need money.
I'm just thinking
about some security.
Security?
I don't want you
worrying about anything.
I know I don't have
to worry. but still.
Hey. then don't.
I know what you're
doing. you and Leo.
I'm not stupid.
neither is Felicia.
Have you two been talking?
No. (chuckles)
Well. forget
about what you know.
what you think you know. okay?
If anybody asks you
don't know anything.
Who's gonna ask?
Relax.
I'm taking care of everything.
You have nothing to
worry about. okay?
Okay. I won't.
- I gotta go.
- Okay.
- Love you...
- Love you too.
(shoes clattering)
- Wow!
- Hey.
Look at Mr. Hollywood!
(Benetti chuckling)
Come here. come
here. let me fix you.
Oh my God.
- Come here. come here.
Oh. huh. you look great. babe.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Now listen. you don't
take any offers up front.
I know how impulsive
you can be. all right?
You tell 'em. you'll
think about it
and you'd get back to 'em.
What if it's a good offer?
Oh. if it's a good offer.
imagine how much
better it's gonna get.
- Okay.
- Okay?
You're the boss.
Don't you forget it.
I'm a little nervous.
You just sprinkle some
of that Benetti charm.
you'll be fine.
- I love you.
Go on. go make a movie.
(hand smacks)
(Canzano coughing)
(ominous music)
Hey. look at us.
Not bad for a couple of
kids from Brooklyn. huh?
Yeah.
Hey. don't think that
this is only my thing.
This is our thing.
We worked hard to get here.
We did a lot of hard shit.
What did I tell you. hm?
What did I tell ya?
Homework pays off.
You really think this movie's
gonna change stuff that much?
It's got to. we're going
as producers or direct.
you could even be in it.
I'm telling you. the fucking
doors are gonna fly right open.
- Doors. huh?
- Yeah.
I don't want nothing
to do with this film.
Yeah. right.
I don't want my
name on the big screen
or in the papers. you hear me?
I'm only going tonight to
make sure of that fact.
Ever since we started
working together.
anything I told you. in
one ear. out the other.
Ya always wanted more.
Even when more wasn't
even necessary.
You got everything
you ever wanted.
I have no doubt you'll.
you'll get even more.
This thing. this.
this isn't our thing.
What's in your pocket.
that's our thing.
All this fame. it's. it's
never gonna make ya happy.
'Cause no matter
how hard you try.
you'll never be a gangster. Leo.
Why would you wanna be anyway?
(ominous music continues)
(dramatic music)
(Delgado Voiceover) We had
guys inside. guys outside.
and only one shot
to get this right.
(Canzano coughing muffling)
(ominous music)
(dramatic music)
(Canzano on recording coughing)
(Canzano coughing)
- You good?
- No.
I'm not fucking good.
You know what?
You're right.
I could be a pain in
the ass sometimes.
Hey. listen. thanks
for coming with me.
Really means a lot.
(ominous music continues)
And I promise you.
your name is not gonna be
anywhere near this
thing. capeesh?
Thank you.
Now let's go get me famous.
(dramatic music)
- Let's go. go. go. go!
(Officer) Put your
hands in the fucking air!
- Leo!
- Hands in the fucking air!
- Don't you move!
- Don't you move.
put your hands up.
- Don't you fucking move.
Don't you move.
put your hands up.
- Don't you fucking move!
- Put your hands up right now.
Don't you fucking move.
- Turn around. turn around!
Leo. don't you fucking move.
Know who the fuck you're
dealing with right now?
We know exactly
who the fuck you are.
You know who I am. huh?
Do you know who I am?
They know exactly who you are.
- Don't tell 'em-
- There it is. here it is.
- Shut your mouth.
- All right. don't think-
For once in your
life. shut your mouth.
They got nothin'.
they got nothin' on me.
- Put him in the car.
- What'd he say?
I'll see you in
central booking.
Put him in the car.
- What'd he say?
You guys okay?
(police radio muffling)
(car doors clattering)
You guys all right?
(soft music)
(door pounding)
- Who is it?
- It's Tim.
Come on in.
(door clattering)
(soft music continues)
Did you get them?
Yeah. we got 'em.
What about Josh?
So. uh...
In the next couple
weeks. you're gonna hear
some unbelievable
things about Josh.
And unfortunately.
they're all true.
I meant...
What about his body?
(soft music continues)
Thanks. Tim.
(door clatters)
(soft music continues)
(Bridget sobbing)
(Bridget sobbing continues)
(soft music continues)
(moody acoustic guitar music)
(moody acoustic guitar
music continues)
(bright rock music)
(bright rock music cotinues)
(light moody acoustic
guitar music)
(moody electric
guitar interlude)
(gentle moody guitar music)
(bright rock music)
(moody electric guitar music)
(music fades)
(no audio continues)